flatten Composite and SProd data (#3958)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  This allows devices that inherit from `QubitDevice` to override and customize their definition of diagonalizing gates.
  [(#3938)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3938)

> * Composite and `SProd` operator data is now flat.

Author: ```suggestion
* `Sum`, `Prod`, and `SProd` operator data is now a flat list, instead of nested.
```

  [(#3958)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3958)

> 

Reviewer: repeated?

Author: yep. it's an improvement, but also a breaking change : )

  For example, you can no longer create `StateMP(qml.PauliX(0))` or `PurityMP(eigvals=(-1,1), wires=Wires(0))`.
  [(#3898)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3898)

> * Composite and `SProd` operator data is now flat.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Sum`, `Prod`, and `SProd` operator data is now a flat list, instead of nested.
```
